CFE-387: Added support for sts clusters (#51)
openshift/aws-load-balancer-operator: docs/sts/sts.md

# Using manual mode with STS

In a STS Cluster, *CredentialsRequests* are not automatically provisioned by
the `cloud-credential-operator` and requires manual intervention by the

> cluster-admin. They need to be provisioned using the `ccoctl` binary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cluster-admin. The credentials secret needs to be provisioned using the `ccoctl` binary.
```

> The `aws-load-balancer-operator` also relies on the `cloud-credential-operator`
> to provision the *CredentialsRequest* so in an STS Cluster, it needs to be
> provisioned manually. The operator will wait until the required secrets are
> created and available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `aws-load-balancer-operator` also relies on the `cloud-credential-operator`
to provision the secret for *CredentialsRequest*. And so in an STS Cluster the 
secret needs to be provisioned manually. The operator will wait until the required
secrets are created and available.
```

## Pre-Requisites

### Extract and prepare the `ccoctl` binary

1. Obtain the OpenShift Container Platform release image:

    ```bash
    RELEASE_IMAGE=$(./openshift-install version | awk '/release image/ {print $3}')
    ```

2. Get the CCO container image from the OpenShift Container Platform release image:

    ```bash
    CCO_IMAGE=$(oc adm release info --image-for='cloud-credential-operator' $RELEASE_IMAGE)
    ```

3. Extract the ccoctl binary from the CCO container image within the OpenShift
Container Platform release image:

    ```bash
    oc image extract $CCO_IMAGE --file="/usr/bin/ccoctl" -a ~/.pull-secret
    ```

4. Change the permissions to make ccoctl executable:

    ```bash
    chmod 775 ccoctl
    ```

> 

Reviewer: Let's just link to the existing documentation where they describe how to get _ccoctl_.

## Extract required `CredentialsRequests`

1. The **aws-load-balancer-operator** creates a *CredentialsRequest* named
`aws-load-balancer-controller-<cr-name>` in the *openshift-cloud-credential-operator* namespace.

    ```bash
    oc get credentialsrequest -n openshift-cloud-credential-operator  \
        aws-load-balancer-controller-<cr-name> -o yaml > <path-to-credrequests-dir>/cr.yaml
    ```

    Extract and save the required *CredentialsRequest* in a directory.

2. Use the ccoctl tool to process all *CredentialsRequest* objects in the credrequests
directory:

    ```bash
    ccoctl aws create-iam-roles \
        --name <name> --region=<aws_region> \
        --credentials-requests-dir=<path-to-credrequests-dir> \
        --identity-provider-arn <oidc-arn>
    ```

    For each *CredentialsRequest* object, `ccoctl` creates an IAM role with a trust
    policy that is tied to the specified OIDC identity provider, and a permissions
    policy as defined in each *CredentialsRequest* object. This also generates a set
    of manifests which includes the secrets that is required
    by the **aws-load-balancer-operator**.

3. Apply the secrets to your cluster:

    ```bash

>     ls <path_to_ccoctl_output_dir>/manifests/*-credentials.yaml | xargs -I{} oc apply -f {}

Reviewer: `<path_to_ccoctl_output_dir>` is not defined anywhere.
